README.md, before:

[![PyPI version](https://badge.fury.io/py/pymongo-inmemory.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/pymongo-inmemory)

# pymongo_inmemory
A mongo mocking library with an ephemeral MongoDB running in memory.

## Installation
```bash
pip install pymongo-inmemory
```

## Usage
Insert a new section to your project's `setup.cfg` for the operating system and
mongo version you want to spin up:
```ini
[pymongo_inmemory]
mongo_version = 4.0
operating_system = osx
```

then use the `pymongo_inmemory` client instead of original one:
```python
from pymongo_inmemory import MongoClient

client = MongoClient()  # No need to provide host
db = client['testdb']
collection = db['test-collection']
# etc., etc.
client.close()

# Also usable with context manager
with MongoClient() as client:
    # do stuff
```

## Development
Project is set up to develop with [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/).

After installing Pipenv and cloning the repo, create the shell and install all
package requirements:

```bash
$> poetry install
$> poetry shell
```

Run the tests:
```bash
$> pytest
```

If on NIX systems you can run further tests:
```bash
$> bash tests/integrity/test_integrity.sh
```

**See how you can wet your feet,** check out [good first issues](https://github.com/kaizendorks/pymongo_inmemory/contribute).

Commit message:

Ek issue 28 mongod logging (#29)
* Increased minimum supported development Python version to 3.6 due to pytest errors

* Updated poetry.lock

* Expanded README to include more development details

* Directing mongod logs into a file in temporary folder, instead of system.out

* Fixed a wrong sentense structure

* Normalized line endings to LF

* Set testing setup version to 3.6.10

README.md, after:

[![PyPI
version](https://badge.fury.io/py/pymongo-inmemory.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/py/pymongo-inmemory)

# pymongo_inmemory
A mongo mocking library with an ephemeral MongoDB running in memory.

## Installation
```bash
pip install pymongo-inmemory
```

## Usage
Insert a new section to your project's `setup.cfg` for the operating system and mongo
version you want to spin up:
```ini
[pymongo_inmemory]
mongo_version = 4.0
operating_system = osx
```

then use the `pymongo_inmemory` client instead of original one:
```python
from pymongo_inmemory import MongoClient

client = MongoClient()  # No need to provide host
db = client['testdb']
collection = db['test-collection']
# etc., etc.
client.close()

# Also usable with context manager
with MongoClient() as client:
    # do stuff
```

## Supported Python version
Since `pytest` uses [`LocalPath`](https://py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/path.html) for path related
operations and on python versions older than 3.6 `LocalPath` does not behave well with all path
related operations, we are setting **Python 3.6.10** in our development.

Technically, this also limits the minimum Python version of tested features. However theer shouldn't
be a hard limitation to use Python 3.5. We recommend upgrading older Python versions than that.

## Development
Project is set up to develop with [poetry](https://python-poetry.org/). We rely on
[pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv#installation) to maintain the minimum supported
Python version.

After installing `pyenv`, `poetry`, and cloning the repo, create the shell and install
all package requirements:

```bash
pyenv install --skip-existing
poetry install --no-root
poetry shell
```

Run the tests:
```bash
pytest
```

If on NIX systems you can run further tests:
```bash
bash tests/integrity/test_integrity.sh
```

**See how you can wet your feet,** check out [good first
issues](https://github.com/kaizendorks/pymongo_inmemory/contribute).
